Some documentation updates (#152)
commjoen/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge3.adoc

=== Docker ENV based password

> Did you know that you can also use the ENV in Docker containers to set the password? What a great idea to share it with everyone!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Did you know that you can use the ENV as well in Docker containers to set the password? What a great idea to share it with everyone!
```

also is very..dutch alike
